Rename cname to server_alias (#677)
theforeman/foremanctl: docs/developer/playbooks-and-roles.md

    help: Initial password for the admin user.
  foreman_puma_workers:
    help: Number of workers for Puma.

>   certificates_server_aliases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  server_aliases:
```

>     help: Additional DNS name for Subject Alternative Names. Can be specified multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    help: Server alias. Used for additional Subject Alternative Names in generated certificates and accepted server names. Can be specified multiple times.
```
